please welcome Bob Odenkirk
[Applause]
[Music]
I did we'll go back to our traditional
kiss after the pandemic is behind us how
are you I'm great Manny congratulations
because I heard that your alma mater was
Southern Illinois to you yes he's giving
you an honorary Doctor how about that
dr. Bob I don't know if it's a doctorate
it might just be like drivers passing
like certificate no no we were allowed
to drive in Carbondale if it isn't a
doctorate don't go I would say it's an
honorary degree and I already have a
degree from SIU oh but because I a real
one that I earn it's better to get the
one that you didn't go to any classes
it's yours cheaper it's cheaper and
somehow it's like just magical it's like
it's like just a magical thing from
heaven that fell on you and you can
write dr. on forums now leave right
that's what I'm gonna do just like Cosby
did you know so go didn't you go didn't
you go to college I watched a lot of gun
boy or something I was pretty young I
was 16 was six college does that make
you think I'm smart yes you like Doogie
Odenkirk yes I I was just tired of high
school and had enough you were able to
transfer right to call yeah I mean it
was really weird I I just think I was a
normal student I read a lot I like to
read and I think that kind of kicked me
ahead of everyone else and then I just
asked one day when I was a junior in
high school I said how many credits do I
have and went to the office and they
said well you'll have 16 and that's all
you need and I go oh can I leave and
they were like yeah never included me
and
he it was like I disappeared disappeared
from high school I didn't graduate and
then I would - I was so young I felt
like I'd be very awkward at any college
so I went to a local college college of
dupage Oh nobody but it's great I spent
a year there had a blast and then I went
to Marquette Oh cuz I thought my father
had gone there what yes I didn't know
because I mean that'll tell you a little
about my life yeah I had heard a rumor
that he went there I didn't and so I
thought I should go there and and then
that was all right for a year and then I
somehow went to Southern I loved
Southern Illinois University it's just
great it's beautiful part of the country
if you've ever been there and it's very
far south from Chicago and it's just
great and I had a blast there and I did
comedy there would you like a radio I
did a radio show college radio yeah
college radio is where I started you and
I started college radio to you and it's
a great safe place to perform and nobody
can see you yeah not only nobody can see
you if we're in my case no one was
listening oh oh me too yeah great what
would you do like would you do sketches
yeah I had a partner named Tim Thomas he
was an early version of David Cross okay
and we did a comedy show once a week for
four hours with sketches and improvised
characters all the primetime special
wide it was on Thursday nights at
midnight uh-huh not primetime right and
also not special we were kind of
inspired by our heroes which were the
credibility gap a great comedy group
from Pasadena that featured is one of
its members Michael McKean who then
played Chuck yeah better call Saul he
played my older brother man years later
so that's crazy
and that's a totally coincidence a big
circle yeah but he inspired me and and
then years later we got to work - yeah
your son is in college now how old is
your son Nate who worked here yeah thank
you for that they got him out of the
house yeah he's a smart kid yeah a smart
kid yeah and he's 21 now he's 21 years
old so he can do whatever he wanted you
hit hit he let you have a party for him
my first birthday well it's weird man he
didn't care
oh really because he had a fake ID for
how many years yeah so what was nothing
that's what happen to me as I grew up in
Las Vegas and you have to have a fake ID
it's like it's actually the law it won't
help you anymore in Vegas because we
actually met him in Vegas a few weeks
after he turned 21 oh you did yeah he
was there for a debate tournament cuz
he's a coach and we were there to enjoy
Vegas and he had a couple friends with
him and we were sitting there at the
roulette table because you want to teach
your kids how to manage money invest
your money and and the dealer or they
dealers what are they they're spinners
yeah I guess I don't know interests for
the kids IDs because they're smart and
and every day Ron except one of the
friends the ID doesn't work it's not
working it's work let's take it over to
the security desk it's not working it's
not working so they have us go through
this rigmarole and after the third
person had tested it five times the kid
leans over to me and goes it's fake
[Laughter]
well we're gonna take a break when we
come back season 5 we gotta call so yeah
it is back on the air the second to
final season Bob Odenkirk is with us
we'll be right
[Applause]
everything good yeah
I'm started celebrating actually
celebrating what I just realized I have
all pro bono clients tomorrow all day no
Mesa Verde all right to justice so
thanks Gilligan the creator of Breaking
Bad better call Saul announced that this
is the second Alessi's the next season
will be the last season yeah and whereas
most shows you kind of wonder what will
happen I mean theoretically we know what
will happen but not really but not
really because they always want to throw
a curve at you mm-hm and I know that you
know we've already shot one scene that
took place during the time period of
Breaking Bad it was in season four of
better call Saul Episode five if you're
watching on Netflix you'll see a scene
that takes place during the Breaking Bad
time period so we'll we'll get there and
we're very close mm-hmm and in fact this
season I better call Saul which just
started is we'll see Dean Norris and
Steven Michael Quezada great so old
chums from Breaking Bad are coming back
more people coming back into the world
and then I think they're gonna tell the
story of what happens after the Breaking
Bad's interesting and is is there any
chance that at the end of better call
Saul you will go even further back in
time they need to like like Jimmy and
sixth grade or something like that well
they were talking about a prenatal
version thanks for watching if you like
that video click the subscribe button
and if you didn't like it will you hurt
my feelings